Alright, hold on
If I was being honest
I'd say long as I could fuck three times a day
And not skip a meal, I'm good
I used to work on my feet for 7 dollars a hour
Call my Momma like, "Momma
I ain't making minimum wage, Momma
I'm on, Momma, I'm on
Now  I'm making 400, 600, 800K, Momma
To stand on my feet, Momma
Play these songs, it's therapy, Momma
They paying me, Momma
I should be paying them
I should be paying y'all, honest to God
I'm just a guy, I'm not a god
Sometimes I feel like I'm a god, but I'm not a god
If I was I don't know which heaven would have me, Momma
Let me run this bitch
I'ma run it into the ground, Momma, the whole galaxy
God damn, fuck these lames, they don't want none
Fuck these lames, they don't want none
Fuck these niggas
Fuck these niggas, they don't want none
Fuck these niggas
Fuck you niggas
Fuck me if I hated on you
I'ma stick around
I'm gon' let my nuts hang
Nigga, you got some just like me don't you?
Or maybe not just like me
You know I'm Africano Americano
And even if you're half Japanese, roots run deep
Family tree, throw a big shadow
Tech company
Please gimme immortality
I'm going rapidly, fading drastically
Or pull the zip down
Wet your lips first, lick the tip now
Smoke some'n
They tryna find 2Pac, don't let 'em find 2Pac
He evade the press, he escape the stress
La la la la la, la la la la la
La la la la la 
I'll keep quiet and let you run your phone bill up
I know you love to talk
I ain't on your schedule
I ain't on no schedule
I ain't had me a job since 2009
I ain't on no sales floor
You say I'm changing on you
I feel like Selena, they wanna murder a nigga
Murder me like Selena
You must ain't get the memo
I don't cuff bitches no more
But your bitch my exception
Come get her outta my photo
I only got one photo
Remember when I had that Lexus, no
Our friendship don't go back that far
Tyler slept on my sofa, yeah
Niggas go back that far
I ain't smoked all year
This the last song so, I'm finna wipe that off
Tolerance is so low, still smoke a whole 'gar
Ménage on my birthday, tap out on the first stroke
'Cause this ain't no work day, she don't give head anyway
'Cause what niggas say, that's what she tell her man
What a difference distance makes
Niggas want fight in the streets
Now shit starting to make my hands hurt
Jay hit me on the email, said I oughta act my net worth
Dog this is chess now, not fetch
I ain't runnin' for a nigga, ain't ran since track meet
That's the only time I ran from a nigga
You could change this track now
Could've changed this bitch a long time ago
—know and —know, —know and —know
Shout out to Hollygrove, I'm from that 7th though
Twins know and Lance know, Clark know and Matt know
Shit went 180 on me, please run that back though
You say some shit about me?
Turn a real sport, my nigga
That second time Jerron was there, nigga
On God he grabbed me and then that nigga tried to pull me
Yeah, 'cause the nigga tried to boom me in my face
I had AD in a headlock, nigga, I had this nigga like—
Mikey: Make sure you speak up
Ryan: Okay
Mikey: What's your name?
Ryan: Ryan
Mikey: Yo, ayy be quiet. What's your name? What do you do? What's your first memory?
Ryan: The first word I learned to say or that I ever said
Mikey: What's the most amazing thing you've ever witnessed?
Na’kel: Friendship and how it controls the world
Mikey: Hahaha, alright, um, what three superpowers do you wish you had? My bad, Say it again...
Ryan: Flying and I want to be invincible
Mikey: Alright, make sure you speak up
Mikey: What's your name?
Maybe we can get a little—a little bit, a little bit, a little bit
Evan: I wish I could sleep without, like, being dead
But forever at the same time
Mikey: Yo, what, what's, what's the year 3000 going to look like?
Na’kel: ...Or it could be great and shit can fly and buildings would be very, very tall and everybody won't know what the ground looks like
Frank: That's fucked up
Mikey: Chloe, shh, okay, start over right now
Na’kel: Best thing about being me is I got a nice set of friends
Pretty clear mind, I feel like, sometimes
What's the worst thing about being me? Probably, uh–
Sage: Having bushy eyebrows, being Drake
Na’kel: I think a lot, a lot, too much. Sometimes I'm very musty
Mikey: Talents, got any secret talents?
Na’kel: I don't think so, I'm pretty open with all– everything that I do
Frank: Talents? Um, I can play the theremin
Ryan: Probably my brother just to see how much work he has in one day...
Sage: Probably, uh, probably Tyler, his life seems pretty awesome. No, actually, no, fuck him. Um, I don't know, probably Dill 'cause he doesn't have to do anything at all; just sits inside his house
Mikey: What's your name?
Sage: Sage Elsesser
Mikey: What do you do?
Ryan: I play soccer, and I go to school
Ryan: Um, I wanna be better at skating
Evan: Probably jump off something really high, super high, and try to land in like a handstand or something
Mikey: Alright, that's it…
Ryan: I don’t know, there would be a lot of things I’ll do, probably spend a lot of time with my family and tell them I’m going away and probably...
Na’kel: spend a couple hours with my family and then I’ll go out and just do everything that I ever thought about trying
Ryan: I don’t know. There's a lot of things you could do
Mikey: How far is a light-year? How far is a light-year?